the last presidential election George
Lee urged his more than 2 million
followers on Tik Tok to vote for Joe
Biden as a thank you Lee along with a
handful of other social media
influencers were invited to Washington
earlier this year to meet the president
and get a behindth scenes tour of the
White House it was cool to be able to
meet first lady Biden being able to meet
Joe Biden me the President Biden being
able to meet the um amazing Butlers and
cooks that was that was but that was
then this is now Biden's Embrace of
Benjamin Netanyahu and Israel's killing
of innocent civilians from their
constant bombardment of Gaza has left
Lee angry and frustrated so he's taken
to social media to call out the
president here go three other times that
Joe Biden has lied since last week
concerning the Israeli occupation of
Gaza at times it's just Lee's facial
expressions that get his point to cross
and based on what I've seen it appears
as though it was done by the other team
not not you and Lee is sympathetic to an
online effort by some arab-americans to
boycott voting for Biden next year know
that data shows a lot of Arab Americans
are pondering the 2024 election boycott
under Biden's middle east stance because
it is so horrific and inhumane
Millennials and gen Z's social
influencers are increasingly seeking out
credible reporting on Gaza and finding
it from Palestinian content creators
people like motaz Aiza and others like
him people on the ground are documenting
this you have like citizen journalists
you've got like motaz who's literally 24
years old who's broadcasting this and
putting this on Tik Tok or putting this
on Instagram and people are watching it
who is you know people who are his exact
age in other parts of the world as for
Lee he feels the Gaza War has been an
Awakening for social media influence ERS
like himself a lot of my followers on
social media and a lot of my fellow
content creators talk about how the
information overload that we've done in
the past month has forever changed the
way that we view our country
international relations and Humanity for
a man who was recently a guest of the
president but like so many other young
social media influencers now one of his
harshest critics Gabriel zando Al jazer
Houston make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer